---
title: "Current Team"
collection: teaching
permalink: /teaching/2014-team-1
---
* Graduated Students (Total: 5)
1. Yuzhou Liu, Revealing recent surface deformation of urban environments in deltaic plains by advanced DSInSAR, Ph.D., co-supervised with Prof. Hui Lin, 2019, now chief engineer at Shenzhen Municipal Institute of Public Safety Technology.
1. Yinyi Lin, received Postgraduate Research Output Award of CUHK (the only awardee in the Faculty of Social Science, CUHK), Mapping the Urban Impervious Surfaces at Different Scales Using Multisource Satellite Data, Ph.D., 2021, now postdoc fellow at Hong Kong University.
1. Luoma Wan, Monitoring the mangrove species in Hong Kong with high resolution images using deep learning networks, Ph.D., 2021, now postdoc fellow at Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
1. Zhuoyi Zhao, Exploring the application of deep learning methods for InSAR time-series analysis, Ph.D., 2021, now postdoc fellow at Chinese University of Hong Kong.
1. Zherong Wu, received 1st Place of American Association of Geographers RSSG Student Honors Paper Competition (the first CUHK awardee), 1st Place of IEEE GRSS HK Annual Excellent PhD Dissertation Award (the only awardee in the Greater Bay Area) and China Rising Star in GIS Award (12 graduate students nationwide, the only awardee from Hong Kong), Detecting the Spatiotemporal Pattern of Land Subsidence Using InSAR and Deep Learning, Ph.D., 2023, now postdoc fellow at Cornell University.

* Current Students (Total: 4)
 1. Fangxu Deng, Ph.D., 2021-Present.
 1. Yi Zheng, Ph.D., 2022-Present.
 1. Chang Yu, Ph.D., 2023-Present.
 1. Hoi-Yi Mok, MPhil, 2024-Present.
